Adding some content related to grocery shopping (#210)
flattenthecurve/guide: _sections/act_and_prepare/en/02-do/07-stock-up-on-food-and-essentials.md

"Experts aren't telling you to stock up on essentials because they think you're going to run out of food & society is going to collapse. It's
because a [few days of panic buying & high demands cause more panic & stress systems unnecessarily](https://twitter.com/firefoxx66/status/1233666678841597952). Also, being in line with hundreds of people isn't wise. Go off peak. Buy a little more than what you need. Preparedness isn't about doing nothing, but also about not overreacting. It's about doing your part to put the [\*slack in our systems\*](https://twitter.com/firefoxx66/status/1233666678841597952) so that short disruptions are smooth as possible, can absorb extra load, & resources remain available for those most in need.

> Buy food and other supplies responsibly. Some tips:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buy food and other supplies responsibly. Some tips:
Wherever possible, make delivery a top priority, especially for those at highest risk, and especially in regions at the beginning of the exponential curve.
```

 - Go to the store at off-peak hours. 
 - Make a list so you can be efficient.

>  - Retain a 6ft distance between yourself and others at all times. 

Reviewer 2: this is the recommendation in the US. Do we know what the recommendation is in other countries? Should we also include the number in meters?

>  - Make a list so you can be efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Make a written list, organized by location in store, so you can be efficient.
```

>  - Retain a 6ft distance between yourself and others at all times. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Retain a 6 feet (2 meters) distance between yourself and others at all times. More distance is better.
```

>  - Put your phone in a baggie, it is much easier to disinfect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Phones are hard to disinfect completely; instead, while out, put your phone in a baggie (it still works this way)
```

 - Bring disinfectant wipes and/or wear washable cloth gardening gloves for handling doors, elevators, and other frequently touched [hard surfaces that may retain the virus](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/17/health/coronavirus-surfaces-aerosols.html). Remember you are protecting yourself as well as others. 
 - Use non-physical means to pay, such as PayPal or Apple Pay where possible. If not, use disinfecting wipes to disinfect your credit card. Don't use cash. 

>  - Create a decontamination protocol and location for your home, where you can either quarantine for >72 hrs at room temperature (easiest) or disinfect all items (with wipes, bleach, hydrogen peroxide, or alcohol; or washed with soap and water in the case of vegetables) that may have come in contact with other people. Inner items can be carefully removed and placed in a clean bag or box, and brought inside by having one hand be considered contaminated while the other is clean; alternatively, two people in the same home can serve the same functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Create a decontamination protocol and location for your home, where you can either quarantine for >72 hrs at room temperature (easiest) or disinfect all items (with wipes, bleach, hydrogen peroxide, or alcohol; or washed with soap and water in the case of vegetables) that may have come in contact with other people. Inner items can be carefully removed and placed in a clean bag or box, and brought inside by having one hand be considered contaminated while the other is clean; alternatively, two people in the same home can operate similarly, one tasked with 'dirty' items and the other 'clean' items. 
```
